Assistant manager Goliss looked through the production report with growing
enthusiasm. Yes! This was proving to be the smoking gun she needed. The
evidence was right there. Boston's director, Williams, had been lying. His
station's actual production wasn't the worst of the stations, but it was much
less than what he had been publishing in his reports. Clearly he was hiding
something. 

Goliss sent the reports, along with an explanatory message, to the
adminstrators at Bon Jovi. This would be interesting...

A few days later Goliss found herself sitting next to Dr. Schnell, Director
of Mars Resource Production, and across the table from Williams. He had a smug
and confident look on his pudgy face.

"Well, Director Williams," Schnell began in her high pitched voice. "We've
received reports that show the production from your station is, in reality,
far less than what you've been reporting. Can you explain that?"

Director Williams smiled an obsequious smile "I'm sure there is some
mistake. I mean, where did these reports come from. Was it a reliable source?
Maybe they are wrong."

Goliss glared and jumped in before Schnell could reply. "Director," she placed
ironic emphasis on the title, "I provided the reports. I myself commissioned a
programmer to generate these reports from the raw data logs. They are
correct. You, in fact, have been lying to Bon Jovi this whole time!"

Williams smiles again and spread his arms wide. "Well, assistant manager
Goliss," he also emphasised her title, "I'm not sure that we should jump to
drastic conclusions if these reports came from you. Considering your track
record and all." It didn't seem possible but Williams' smug look grew even
smugger.

Goliss started to fume, steam building up behind her eyes. She opened her
mouth to reply but Dr. Schnell jumped in.

"Director, we have confirmed the reports. After she," she gestured towards
Goliss, "brought this to our attention, we did our own investigation and found
the same results. So the question is still 'why'. Why have you been
fabricating reports?"

The smile on his face faded as he realized that maybe the game was up. Drops
of sweat started forming on his forehead and his face began to flush
red. "Surely there is a mistake here." He started weakly.

"There's no mistake!" Goliss slammed her hand on the table. "You know it!"

"Yeah, but..."

Dr. Schnell replied, "No, Williams, it's not a mistake. So now we need an
explanation."

The Boston director deflated entirely. He remained silent for a few moments
then in a quiet voice he started to explain.

"A few years ago we started to see some anomolies in our production and in the
mines. Well, it wasn't the mines as much as it was the people working the
mines and attending to the mining robots. People started getting sick, and
well, even dying. Unfortunately this impacted my entire miner programming
staff. So for the last few years we haven't had any programmers. As our
automated miners break, we just have to retire them with no way of fixing
them. Thus our production has dropped. Most of our automated miners are
ineffective now."

He paused to think of how to say the next part.

"I didn't want anyone to find out about the reduced production because then
they would ask about the miners which would lead to questions about the
programmers. After the disaster at landing, I was afraid people would pin this
on me..."

Both Goliss and Schnell looked shocked. Finally the doctor replied. "So you're
saying that due to some unknown cause, your automated miner programming team
got sick and died. And you didn't think to tell anyone!" Her voice raised
significantly with the last sentence. Before Williams could answer she turned
to Goliss.

"We have to get updated miners down there now! We need a programmer to update
the miner code and get in there. And then we need to find out about this
sickness. Do you have someone who can help?"

Goliss nodded. "Yes, I have a crack programmer who I'm sure could get the
miners fixed quickly. We can do that and get them back to full functionality."

"Good." Schnell turned to Williams. "This is inexcusable. Until further notice
you are on probation as director. Your assistant director, I believe his name
is Hycha, will assume your roll for now." Williams bowed his head in defeat.

With that, Dr. Schnell stood and turned from the table. She looked at Goliss,
"Come on. We're done here." Goliss stood and the two left the room. Williams
remained at the table, his face pale.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sitting at your desk, again feeling drowsy in the early afternoon, you try to
keep focused on your current task. You can't help but wonder what happened
with that report that you sent to Goliss a few days ago. She seemed excited to
have recieved it. Hopefully it was what she wanted, or needed.

Almost as if she was reading your mind, a message from Goliss flashes on your
screen. "Call me in 10, G." Just like last time. You smile. This is getting
interesting again.

Once at the Barsoom Lounge, and in a private place, you call Goliss. She
answers and sounds much happier than the last time you spoke.

"Hello! Great news. Thanks so much for that report. It was perfect."

"No problem," you reply.

"I took the report to Dr. Schnell and then we went to Boston..." She continues
and tell you briefly what happened with Williams. When she's done relating
those events she continues.

"I spoke more with Dr. Schnell after the meeting. She is very concerned about
this sickness and she wants updated miners right away. Can you do that?"

"Uh, sure. I haven't done any of the miner code here on Journey but it can't
be that hard."

"Ok good. I knew you could. I'll have someone send you more details. And, as
always, we need this right away."

You smile. "Of course."

